---
layout: post
title: 3-11-2019
date: 11-03-2019 06:19:32
categories:
---
I am going to write and journal regularly starting today. I believe it will help me organize my thoughts and give me a sense of clarity.

Writing things down makes them more permanent.

I have been struggling recently with deciding what I want to do after my lease is up in June. Nothing is "bad" at the moment, but June offers an inflection point that tells me to reexamine life's course.

I know that I don't want to permenently live in Cincinnati. I say this because I know that I will have a sense of complacincy (no pun intended) if I don't leave. I will feel like I could have done something more significant, but instead settled for safety.

**I want to have a solid reference with Losant so that I can leverage it for my next job. That is my primary goal for the remaining term there.**

That means devoting an hour a day into learning new things and writing about them on this blog. **This will require focus**. That means putting in continuous effort and purpose into each day and planning my day out - reorienting myself using feedback. I felt like last week I was overwhelmed and not in control of my days. I was responding to my days instead of them responding to me.

That also means getting into good shape. I have developed a bad habit of not going to the gym the past two weeks. I will change that starting today and get back into my routine. Also distractions with social media. I just re-deleted Facebook and Snapchat.

I also want to contribute to more open source projects. I think that getting in touch with Jack from Zap and making a theme PR for BTC PayServer are good goals for the next two weeks.

I also need to get Terrapin done b/c we promised Jeremy that we'd do that this year. I think doing PPPP.net would be a fun project too, but that's farther down on my radar.

**This Week**
- Workout Monday, Wednesday, Friday
- Pottery - Wednesday
- Out with Co-Workers - one evening - only two or three drinks
- Monday/Tuesday/Thursday - 2 of 3 work on Terrapin
- Journal every day
- Buy food
- Diane's on Tuesday
- Read for 30 min/day
- Bed by 10pm

**Two Weeks** - by NYC
- Terrapin ready to test

_One thing I've been thinking about recently is that I need to get comfortable doing things on my own. I want to stop caring about what other people are doing all the time and try to "get in" on their plans. Instead, I should just pick what I want to do and invite people to join me. I feel like most people suck at planning anyway, so if I offer them something to do, they'll jump on it._

_I have a mental model though that all anyone wants to do is go to stupid bars and parties like we did in high school. That's how Sam's birthday was the other week. I need to break out of that mold._